Documentation for OpenTelemetry support (#2289)
elastic/elasticsearch-js: docs/observability.asciidoc

[[observability]]
=== Observability

To observe and measure Elasticsearch client usage, several client features are provided.

First, as of 8.15.0, the client provides native support for OpenTelemetry, which allows you to send client usage data to any endpoint that supports OpenTelemetry without having to make any changes to your JavaScript codebase.

> Also, rather than providing a default logger, the clientoffers an event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, rather than providing a default logger, the client offers an event
```
